Directory xaverius777/diss/testset/code contains all the code I used for building the audio files found at xaverius777/diss/testset/data and the surveys which I used for obtaining CCR scores. It's code I used for an academic project and it was very useful and reliable for me, if you wanted to make it useful for yourself you would have to modify files to varying extents in each case, from no changes to quite a few. audio_fetcher.py, audio_catter.py and file_migrator.py are completely standalone programs, with commandline arguments so they can be used right away. The rest of the files must be modified in order to be effectively used. file_mixer.py, reverberator.py and silence_padder.py were quite ad-hoc; rather than standalone programs, they are examples of how to do their tasks (reverberate audio, pad it, mix clean speech and noise files, etc). The two Qualtrics files are extremely convenient for making Qualtrics surveys, however, they were made for my surveys (multiple choice questions, 10 test questions, 6 validation questions). If you want to use them yourself, you'll have to modify them. The original Qualtreats script's documentation might help you do this: https://github.com/CSTR-Edinburgh/qualtreats . 
+ audio_fetcher.py - extracts files out of an audio database by means of a .csv which contains information about each audio file. In this particular case, I used it to get audios from Mozilla's Common Voice corpus (https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/mozillaorg/common-voice) based on demographic criteria (columns of the .csv: gender, accent, age) and audio duration intervals (for example, audios that are between 5 and 9 seconds long)
+ audio_catter.py - given a folder in which there are several audios, it concatenates them until they reach the desired duration OR it loops each one of them until the loop reaches the desired duration 
+ file_migrator.py - "Copy files in the subdirectories of a directory to subdirectories of the same name in another directory. Very useful if you just have to copy some of the files, instead of all of them" (used this to copy the selected clean speech files from the directories that contained all candidates to directories that only included them)
+ file_mixer.py - it uses some of the functions of Microsoft's audiolib.py (https://github.com/microsoft/DNS-Challenge/blob/master/audiolib.py) to mix the clean speech and noise files, mainly the Signal-to-Noise ratio function. You give it clean speech files and noise files and it mixes each clean speech file with a noise file selected at random. The resulting noisy speech files have descriptive names so you know how they were generated. The format is: clean speech file + noise file + snr + rms. For example: "female_american_5_people_drinking_1_snr_-5_rms_-24.wav". 
+ reverberator.py - simple program that I used to reverberate some of the noisy speech files, by convolving them with impulse responses selected from the Aachen impulse response database: https://www.iks.rwth-aachen.de/en/research/tools-downloads/databases/aachen-impulse-response-database/ .
+ silence_padder.py - another simple program that I used to pad with silence all clean speech files so they would all be 10 seconds long (necessary step before mixing it with noise files)
+ qualtrics_batch_survey_maker.py - expanded version of Qualtreats, a program to automatically make Qualtrics surveys : https://github.com/CSTR-Edinburgh/qualtreats . Using Qualtreats as a basis, I built this program, which 1-produced exactly the surveys that I needed to evaluate all my noisy-enhanced speech pairs  2-produced many surveys at once 3-produced a metafile that contained information about all the surveys generated, which allowed me to automatically parse the results from Qualtrics. Aside from evaluating all the noisy-enhanced speech pairs with test questions, the program also generates validation questions to check the validity of the test questions.
+ qualtrics_survey_processor.py - takes a .csv from a Qualtrics survey and the metafile of that survey generated by qualtrics_batch_survey_maker.py and allows you to automatically parse the results from the survey. I used this for a multiple choice survey. The program also includes a validation mechanism for dropping out data from participants that got too many validation questions wrong.
